Junior Support Engineer
Zürich, Zurich, Switzerland | Operations | Full-time

 
Are you excited to start off your career and play a key role in the operations of an industry leading PropTech solution? Are you ready to take on a new challenge and join a leading Swiss PropTech start-up with global growth track-record? Then apply now and become part of our mission!

Locatee AG is the leading workplace analytics solution that transforms complex data into space utilisation insight. Developed with a strong focus and a deep understanding of the corporate real estate challenges facing the modern world of work, Locatee empowers companies to make decisions about your business buildings with confidence.

 

What you will do
Install, configure and maintain components at our customers globally
Setup, test and troubleshoot Locatee Analytics deployments
Use, improve and come up with suggestions for new tools to optimise your own and operational workflows
Work in an environment with advanced network and cloud technologies
Be part of the Support team in Operations and work closely together with Pre-Sales, IT Project Managers and Customer Success
Be responsible for addressing incoming customer technical requests and support tickets
Investigate and report on irregularities in collaboration with engineering and other teams to help developing our product and processes
Resolve issues with our customers, follow-up on status and updates
Help building up our technical support team
Take part in scaling up our operations team globally
What you bring
University degree in Information Technology, Computer Science or a related discipline or equivalent professional experience
Experience with common operational tools and programs (e.g. Unix terminal)
Basic understanding of scripting
Basic network knowledge 
Experience with database queries and API usage
Basic knowledge of cloud technologies (Kubernetes, Docker, Google Cloud)
Ability to dig for the root cause
Customer oriented attitude
Keen attention to detail
Ability to take initiative, manage and effectively prioritize
Ability to work competently on production-level infrastructure
Positive attitude with a strong sense of curiosity, passion for learning and collaboration
Fluent in English, German is a plus
Why you should work with us
The chance to work in an English-speaking environment with room to grow in a dedicated, passionate, expert and experienced team that cares for each other 
Work on cutting-edge big data analytics technology for the largest organisations worldwide
A real scale-up adventure with great rewards: we offer Phantom Stock Options to be part of Locatee’s success
Through a flat organisation we encourage innovation, ownership and open communication so that everybody feels engaged in the dynamic of the group
A lot of independence and responsibility
An inspiring and modern working environment in Zurich (you'll love our plants & trees, the hammock, standing desks, quiet zones, couches,...)
We live diversity
Flexible work from home or at the office
Optimise you work-life balance and work from abroad
Continuous learning through our Locatee Academy
Regular team events, after-work beers and much more, we never miss out on fun!
Fresh fruits basket, homemade cakes, free tea, coffee & snacks
Who we are
We are a Zurich-based start-up that supports large companies in optimizing their office buildings. Our Smart Building platform "Locatee " provides real-time data that makes office buildings intelligent and user-oriented. Thanks to Locatee, large organisations worldwide are able to intelligently optimize their office buildings and shape the way how people interact with their workspace.

Our motto is to create a work environment where people love to work.  This is not only our working culture but also what we want our customers to reach thanks to Locatee.

Our fantastic diverse team consists of over 40 people with strong backgrounds in Product, Computer & Data science, Business Development, Marketing and Human Resources.

If this sounds exciting, please hit the Apply button. Charlotte and the team are looking forward to hearing from you!


